more. And then let's
talk about the secret
of tactical, logistic coding.
What has this all
been leading up to?
You can see here,
we've built up to
these incredible Outloop systems.
Our codebase is
running itself and we're
coming in to make
sure things look good.
We're spending our time,
building the system that
builds a system. And
I know a lot
of engineers, when you
look at the zero
touch engineering scale of
agent decoding, you might
think that this is
impossible. There's no way
you're letting agents ship
to production in your
real production application, right?
Yes, I completely agree
with you. We're operating
on a simple toy
application. There's no real